there are very good people here I bring you a
new video this time is a tutorial
and one very important thing that I love you
say so it's already until the end and
inside video
The first thing we have to do is the
multiplayer and watch them
the number that a server has in which
you want to put in my case was 105 197
if I'm not wrong and give it to look
server to the search section and he
will come out here the server you give to the
triangle and you will get all the
information and everything then what
you have to give 93 to the left mushroom
and they will put the server will take a
little in getting into me at least something
more than normal with before minds like
soldier I do not know why good I'm going to
cut so that we get bored jce then a
Once you have started the game
you will have all five cameras
cameras specifically and four modes of
camera that I'm going to use for the
mounts and everything will be free camera
because you can move around the map
see all players equal and in addition
If you hit the square, you can remove
lahood and everything and it's like a movie
practically and here comes what you
I wanted to say the important thing is that I'm
looking for 64 people who have the
play 4 with the bat of phil 4 yes that
it seems crazy now for now
because I do not have many subscribers and I do not
many people know but I know that everyone who
see this video you can tell
friends
known to everyone who has the
play 4 with battlefield 4 I repeat then
you can tell him to add me and when
we have some afternoon that we are 64
connected then we will play all in
several games and we will do crazy things to me
it was happening to me because I do not know what
we all take the mab and make stairs
or human towers or I do not know how to put all
our of cuatros and a car on and
tools from the four
I would fly away I do not know about things
car racing and also because everything
what happens to you too what
I'll try even if it's crazy
and I threw my life trying to do if I
step to an idea I'll do it so if
You have any idea anything
melo also in the comments
and good in this in this viewer mode
with the five cameras you can make a
game
is to put an equal camera on top of the
another building down and another in the
intermediate and you can alternate between
cameras and you can not do many
everything cinematic things can be done
why that
so you already know how to pass this video to
all your friends who know what
must be done
you know if you liked the video
leave your like comment
subscribe and until the next video
do not